[WIP] 884 new sandbox bootstrap (#1)
cncf/sandbox: README.md

* `TAG-Assigned` - The application has been reviewed and the TOC would like a TAG to review or consult with the project prior to further discussions.  For instructions on what to do, please jump down to [TAG-Assigned](#TAG-Assigned).
* `Postponed` - The application has been reviewed and the TOC has determined the project (as it exists at time of review) is not ready for inclusion within the CNCF. For instructions on what to do, please jump down to [Postponed](#Postponed)
* `Returning` - The application has been reviewed previously, was affixed a `Need-Info` or `TAG-Assigned` label, and that work has been completed and is ready for re-review.  For instructions on what to do, please jump down to [Returning](#Returning).

### Label statuses defined

#### Need Info

If your project is assigned a `Need-Info` label, the TOC will comment on the issue with the specific additional information needed.  It will then be placed in the `Waiting` status of the [Project Board](https://github.com/orgs/cncf/projects/14).

> Please provide the additional information requested as a comment on the issue. Once you have done this, **remove the `Need-Info` label and affix the `Returning` label**, this lets the TOC know it is ready to be reviewed again. It will then be removed from the `Waiting` status and placed in the `Upcoming` status for discussion at the next meeting.

Reviewer: Who has the permissions to change labels on application issues?  Can the submitter do this, or does a member of the TOC or staff need to?

Reviewer 2: "Anyone with triage access to a repository can apply and dismiss labels." per https://docs.github.com/en/issues/using-labels-and-milestones-to-track-work/managing-labels

Reviewer: Will the issue creator be able to do that, though?   The above workflow seems to depend on them doing so.

We'll also need instructions for how to handle it if the person handling the "returning" isn't the one who filed the original sandbox issue.

Reviewer 2: I spent some time working through the automation required, and ended up that a TOC member and/or CNCF staff will have to do this, the original submitter can provide comments.

Reviewer 2: Returning: reopen an issue with comments?

Applications are moved from `New` to `Upcoming` approximately two weeks prior to the next scheduled session by the TOC or support staff.

### Discussions and decision

During the course of the session, the TOC will actively discuss the project based on the information provided in the issue as well as other observations the TOC has about the project. Those observations vary greatly and may be subject to each TOC member's area of domain expertise, personal experience, community feedback, or other factors. During the course of active discussion, the TOC may identify areas the project needs to work on, complete, or allow to happen that could inhibit its acceptance into the CNCF. These areas will be captured succinctly and affixed the corresponding label ([see Label statuses defined](#label-statuses-defined) for more information). The issue will also receive a comment that details the additional areas that correspond with the label.

#### Examples

All project and organization names in the examples are fictional and are not intended to reflect any existing project past or present.

> ##### Scuppers

Reviewer: "Skupper" is an actual cloud native space project; suggest using a different name to avoid reader confusion.  Suggestion: "Baggywrinkle" (an actual nautical term, really) (alternate: Goosewing)

Reviewer 2: Further suggestion: Yawl.
"Yawl - a two-masted boat with the mizzen stepped aft of the rudder stock / post."

> The TOC reviews and discusses Scuppers. The TOC determines Scuppers doesnt have enough clear direction or indicators on what the project does or how it does it. The TOC concurs that Scuppers should present at the correct TAG to gather input to improve the clarity of what the project does and improve the documentation on how it does it in a cloud native way. The TOC will summarize the two items that need completed on the issue as checkbox items, affix the `Need-Info` and `TAG-Assigned` label. The TAG chairs are then tagged on the issue by their GitHub handle. The application is then moved to the **⏲ Waiting** Column of the [Sandbox Application Board](https://github.com/orgs/cncf/projects/14/views/1). Scuppers then presents to the assigned TAG and incorporates their feedback into the project information and updates the application issue with the more clear details. They or the TAG may then check off the corresponding item and affix the `Returning` label. The project board will then move the issue to the **🏗 Upcoming** Column of the [Sandbox Application Board](https://github.com/orgs/cncf/projects/14/views/1) so it is included at the next session.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The TOC reviews and discusses Scuppers. The TOC determines Scuppers doesn't have sufficiently clear direction or indicators on what the project does or how it does it. The TOC concurs that Scuppers should present at the correct TAG to gather input to improve the clarity of what the project does and improve the documentation on how it does it in a cloud native way. The TOC will summarize the two items that need completed on the issue as checkbox items, affix the `Need-Info` and `TAG-Assigned` label. The TAG chairs are then tagged on the issue by their GitHub handle. The application is then moved to the **⏲ Waiting** Column of the [Sandbox Application Board](https://github.com/orgs/cncf/projects/14/views/1). Scuppers then presents to the assigned TAG and incorporates their feedback into the project information and updates the application issue with the clearer details. They or the TAG may then check off the corresponding item and affix the `Returning` label. The project board will then move the issue to the **🏗 Upcoming** Column of the [Sandbox Application Board](https://github.com/orgs/cncf/projects/14/views/1) so it is included at the next session.
```
